prep release: v2.6.0 (#8144)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.redelivery_count`: Commands retried due to connection issues
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.errors`: Redis errors by type, to help diagnose authentication, network, and configuration problems

**Experimental** performance metrics:
  - `experimental.apollo.router.cache.redis.network_latency_avg`: Average network latency to Redis
  - `experimental.apollo.router.cache.redis.latency_avg`: Average Redis command execution time  
  - `experimental.apollo.router.cache.redis.request_size_avg`: Average request payload size
  - `experimental.apollo.router.cache.redis.response_size_avg`: Average response payload size

> [!NOTE]
> The experimental metrics may change in future versions as we improve the underlying Redis client integration.

You can configure how often metrics are collected using the `metrics_interval` setting:

```yaml
supergraph:
  query_planning:
    cache:
      redis:
        urls: ["redis://localhost:6379"]
        ttl: "60s"
        metrics_interval: "1s"  # Collect metrics every second (default: 1s)
```

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7920

> ### Enforcing allowed features ([PR #7917](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917))
> 
> The router now enforces feature access based on the Allowed Features claim which may be found in all Apollo licenses. Features enforced include APQ caching and distributed query planning and plugins such as subscriptions and demand control. If a feature isn't included in the license, the router will fail to start and will emit an error message describing which features must be removed from the configuration file or which directives must be removed from the schema.
> 
> By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917

Reviewer: I think that this will be alarming for people who already use an offline license. The functionality in this PR will allow users with existing offline licenses to continue to work. Let's reduce the information here as it probably goes into too much detail.

```suggestion
### License enhancements ([PR #7917](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917))

The router license functionality now allows granular specification of features enabled to support current and future pricing plans.

By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917
```

Author: Oh I like this suggestion. Let's go with that!

> By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917

Author: [This suggestion](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/8144#discussion_r2300489722) from @BrynCooke seems good to me. But you two let me know if you'd like to see something else instead.

> By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917

Reviewer 2: agree, let's go with that.

> By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917

Reviewer 3: LGTM!

> By [@DMallare](https://github.com/DMallare) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7917

Reviewer 4: We do not have anything yet - we can remove the last sentence. Thank you
